docs/data-sources/blobstore.md, before:

---
page_title: "Data Source nexus_blobstore"
subcategory: "Other"
description: |-
  Use this to create a Nexus blobstore.
---
# Data Source nexus_blobstore
Use this to create a Nexus blobstore.
## Example Usage
```terraform
data "nexus_blobstore" "default" {
	name = "default"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Blobstore name

### Optional

- **bucket_configuration** (Block List, Max: 1) The S3 bucket configuration. Needed for blobstore type 'S3' (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bucket_configuration))
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **path** (String) The path to the blobstore contents
- **soft_quota** (Block List, Max: 1) Soft quota of the blobstore (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--soft_quota))
- **type** (String) The type of the blobstore

### Read-Only

- **available_space_in_bytes** (Number) Available space in Bytes
- **blob_count** (Number) Count of blobs
- **total_size_in_bytes** (Number) The total size of the blobstore in Bytes

<a id="nestedblock--bucket_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_configuration`

Required:

- **bucket** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The S3 bucket configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bucket_configuration--bucket))
- **bucket_security** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Additional security configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bucket_configuration--bucket_security))

Optional:

- **advanced_bucket_connection** (Block List, Max: 1) Additional connection configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bucket_configuration--advanced_bucket_connection))
- **encryption** (Block List, Max: 1) Additional bucket encryption configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bucket_configuration--encryption))

<a id="nestedblock--bucket_configuration--bucket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_configuration.bucket`

Required:

- **name** (String) The name of the S3 bucket
- **region** (String) The AWS region to create a new S3 bucket in or an existing S3 bucket's region

Optional:

- **expiration** (Number) How many days until deleted blobs are finally removed from the S3 bucket (-1 to disable)
- **prefix** (String) The S3 blob store (i.e S3 object) key prefix


<a id="nestedblock--bucket_configuration--bucket_security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_configuration.bucket_security`

Required:

- **access_key_id** (String) An IAM access key ID for granting access to the S3 bucket
- **secret_access_key** (String, Sensitive) The secret access key associated with the specified IAM access key ID

Optional:

- **role** (String) An IAM role to assume in order to access the S3 bucket
- **session_token** (String, Sensitive) An AWS STS session token associated with temporary security credentials which grant access to the S3 bucket


<a id="nestedblock--bucket_configuration--advanced_bucket_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_configuration.advanced_bucket_connection`

Optional:

- **endpoint** (String) A custom endpoint URL for third party object stores using the S3 API.
- **force_path_style** (Boolean) Setting this flag will result in path-style access being used for all requests.
- **signer_type** (String) An API signature version which may be required for third party object stores using the S3 API.


<a id="nestedblock--bucket_configuration--encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_configuration.encryption`

Optional:

- **encryption_key** (String) The encryption key.
- **encryption_type** (String) The type of S3 server side encryption to use.



<a id="nestedblock--soft_quota"></a>
### Nested Schema for `soft_quota`

Optional:

- **limit** (Number) The limit in Bytes. Minimum value is 1000000
- **type** (String) The type to use such as spaceRemainingQuota, or spaceUsedQuota

Commit message:

Add tests and docs for resource and data-source nexus_blobstore_s3 Add deprecation warning to nexus_blobstore

docs/data-sources/blobstore.md, after:

---
page_title: "Data Source nexus_blobstore"
subcategory: "Other"
description: |-
  !> This data source is deprecated. Please use the data source "nexusblobstore*" instead.
  Use this to get informations about a Nexus blobstore.
---
# Data Source nexus_blobstore
!> This data source is deprecated. Please use the data source "nexus_blobstore_*" instead.

Use this to get informations about a Nexus blobstore.
## Example Usage
```terraform
data "nexus_blobstore" "default" {
	name = "default"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Blobstore name

### Optional

- **bucket_configuration** (Block List, Max: 1) The S3 bucket configuration. Needed for blobstore type 'S3' (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bucket_configuration))
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **path** (String) The path to the blobstore contents
- **soft_quota** (Block List, Max: 1) Soft quota of the blobstore (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--soft_quota))
- **type** (String) The type of the blobstore

### Read-Only

- **available_space_in_bytes** (Number) Available space in Bytes
- **blob_count** (Number) Count of blobs
- **total_size_in_bytes** (Number) The total size of the blobstore in Bytes

<a id="nestedblock--bucket_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_configuration`

Required:

- **bucket** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The S3 bucket configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bucket_configuration--bucket))
- **bucket_security** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Additional security configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bucket_configuration--bucket_security))

Optional:

- **advanced_bucket_connection** (Block List, Max: 1) Additional connection configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bucket_configuration--advanced_bucket_connection))
- **encryption** (Block List, Max: 1) Additional bucket encryption configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bucket_configuration--encryption))

<a id="nestedblock--bucket_configuration--bucket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_configuration.bucket`

Required:

- **name** (String) The name of the S3 bucket
- **region** (String) The AWS region to create a new S3 bucket in or an existing S3 bucket's region

Optional:

- **expiration** (Number) How many days until deleted blobs are finally removed from the S3 bucket (-1 to disable)
- **prefix** (String) The S3 blob store (i.e S3 object) key prefix


<a id="nestedblock--bucket_configuration--bucket_security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_configuration.bucket_security`

Required:

- **access_key_id** (String) An IAM access key ID for granting access to the S3 bucket
- **secret_access_key** (String, Sensitive) The secret access key associated with the specified IAM access key ID

Optional:

- **role** (String) An IAM role to assume in order to access the S3 bucket
- **session_token** (String, Sensitive) An AWS STS session token associated with temporary security credentials which grant access to the S3 bucket


<a id="nestedblock--bucket_configuration--advanced_bucket_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_configuration.advanced_bucket_connection`

Optional:

- **endpoint** (String) A custom endpoint URL for third party object stores using the S3 API.
- **force_path_style** (Boolean) Setting this flag will result in path-style access being used for all requests.
- **signer_type** (String) An API signature version which may be required for third party object stores using the S3 API.


<a id="nestedblock--bucket_configuration--encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_configuration.encryption`

Optional:

- **encryption_key** (String) The encryption key.
- **encryption_type** (String) The type of S3 server side encryption to use.



<a id="nestedblock--soft_quota"></a>
### Nested Schema for `soft_quota`

Optional:

- **limit** (Number) The limit in Bytes. Minimum value is 1000000
- **type** (String) The type to use such as spaceRemainingQuota, or spaceUsedQuota
