docs/data-sources/repository_npm_group.md, before:

---
page_title: "Data Source nexus_repository_npm_group"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get an existing npm group repository.
---
# Data Source nexus_repository_npm_group
Use this data source to get an existing npm group repository.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) A unique identifier for this repository

### Read-Only

- **group** (List of Object) Configuration for repository group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group))
- **id** (String) Used to identify data source at nexus
- **online** (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests
- **storage** (List of Object) The storage configuration of the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))

<a id="nestedatt--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group`

Read-Only:

- **member_names** (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Read-Only:

- **blob_store_name** (String)
- **strict_content_type_validation** (Boolean)

Commit message:

feat(repository): Add writable members to npm group repository
resolve #239

docs/data-sources/repository_npm_group.md, after:

---
page_title: "Data Source nexus_repository_npm_group"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get an existing npm group repository.
---
# Data Source nexus_repository_npm_group
Use this data source to get an existing npm group repository.
## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "nexus_repository_npm_group" "group" {
  name = "npm-group"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A unique identifier for this repository

### Read-Only

- `group` (List of Object) Configuration for repository group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group))
- `id` (String) Used to identify data source at nexus
- `online` (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests
- `storage` (List of Object) The storage configuration of the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))

<a id="nestedatt--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group`

Read-Only:

- `member_names` (Set of String)
- `writable_member` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Read-Only:

- `blob_store_name` (String)
- `strict_content_type_validation` (Boolean)
