docs/data-sources/repository_bower_group.md, before:

---
page_title: "Data Source nexus_repository_bower_group"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get an existing bower group repository.
---
# Data Source nexus_repository_bower_group
Use this data source to get an existing bower group repository.
## Example Usage
```terraform
data "nexus_repository_bower_group" "group" {
  name = "bower-group"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A unique identifier for this repository

### Read-Only

- `group` (List of Object) Configuration for repository group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group))
- `id` (String) Used to identify data source at nexus
- `online` (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests
- `storage` (List of Object) The storage configuration of the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))

<a id="nestedatt--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group`

Read-Only:

- `member_names` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Read-Only:

- `blob_store_name` (String)
- `strict_content_type_validation` (Boolean)

Commit message:

feat: update nexus to 3.72 (#469)
* feat: update nexus version to 3.72.0

* test: remove bower(deprecated) tests

* fix: enable h2 for oss nexus

* docs: add deprecation warning to bower repositories

* docs: Update supported versions

docs/data-sources/repository_bower_group.md, after:

---
page_title: "Data Source nexus_repository_bower_group"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  !> This data source is deprecated and will be removed in the next major release of this provider. Bower repositories were removed in Nexus 3.71.0.
  Use this data source to get an existing bower group repository.
---
# Data Source nexus_repository_bower_group
!> This data source is deprecated and will be removed in the next major release of this provider. Bower repositories were removed in Nexus 3.71.0.

Use this data source to get an existing bower group repository.
## Example Usage
```terraform
data "nexus_repository_bower_group" "group" {
  name = "bower-group"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A unique identifier for this repository

### Read-Only

- `group` (List of Object) Configuration for repository group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group))
- `id` (String) Used to identify data source at nexus
- `online` (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests
- `storage` (List of Object) The storage configuration of the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))

<a id="nestedatt--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group`

Read-Only:

- `member_names` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Read-Only:

- `blob_store_name` (String)
- `strict_content_type_validation` (Boolean)
