docs/data-sources/repository_bower_proxy.md, before:

---
page_title: "Data Source nexus_repository_bower_proxy"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get an existing bower proxy repository.
---
# Data Source nexus_repository_bower_proxy
Use this data source to get an existing bower proxy repository.
## Example Usage
```terraform
data "nexus_repository_bower_proxy" "bower_org" {
  name = "bower-org"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A unique identifier for this repository

### Read-Only

- `cleanup` (List of Object) Cleanup policies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cleanup))
- `http_client` (List of Object) HTTP Client configuration for proxy repositories (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http_client))
- `id` (String) Used to identify data source at nexus
- `negative_cache` (List of Object) Configuration of the negative cache handling (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--negative_cache))
- `online` (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests
- `proxy` (List of Object) Configuration for the proxy repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proxy))
- `rewrite_package_urls` (Boolean) Whether to force Bower to retrieve packages through this proxy repository
- `routing_rule` (String) The name of the routing rule assigned to this repository
- `storage` (List of Object) The storage configuration of the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))

<a id="nestedatt--cleanup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cleanup`

Read-Only:

- `policy_names` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--http_client"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_client`

Read-Only:

- `authentication` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--http_client--authentication))
- `auto_block` (Boolean)
- `blocked` (Boolean)
- `connection` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--http_client--connection))

<a id="nestedobjatt--http_client--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_client.authentication`

Read-Only:

- `ntlm_domain` (String)
- `ntlm_host` (String)
- `password` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `username` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--http_client--connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_client.connection`

Read-Only:

- `enable_circular_redirects` (Boolean)
- `enable_cookies` (Boolean)
- `retries` (Number)
- `timeout` (Number)
- `use_trust_store` (Boolean)
- `user_agent_suffix` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--negative_cache"></a>
### Nested Schema for `negative_cache`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `ttl` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy`

Read-Only:

- `content_max_age` (Number)
- `metadata_max_age` (Number)
- `remote_url` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Read-Only:

- `blob_store_name` (String)
- `strict_content_type_validation` (Boolean)

Commit message:

docs: add deprecation warning to bower repositories

docs/data-sources/repository_bower_proxy.md, after:

---
page_title: "Data Source nexus_repository_bower_proxy"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  !> This data source is deprecated and will be removed in the next major release of this provider. Bower repositories were removed in Nexus 3.71.0.
  Use this data source to get an existing bower proxy repository.
---
# Data Source nexus_repository_bower_proxy
!> This data source is deprecated and will be removed in the next major release of this provider. Bower repositories were removed in Nexus 3.71.0.

Use this data source to get an existing bower proxy repository.
## Example Usage
```terraform
data "nexus_repository_bower_proxy" "bower_org" {
  name = "bower-org"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A unique identifier for this repository

### Read-Only

- `cleanup` (List of Object) Cleanup policies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cleanup))
- `http_client` (List of Object) HTTP Client configuration for proxy repositories (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http_client))
- `id` (String) Used to identify data source at nexus
- `negative_cache` (List of Object) Configuration of the negative cache handling (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--negative_cache))
- `online` (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests
- `proxy` (List of Object) Configuration for the proxy repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proxy))
- `rewrite_package_urls` (Boolean) Whether to force Bower to retrieve packages through this proxy repository
- `routing_rule` (String) The name of the routing rule assigned to this repository
- `storage` (List of Object) The storage configuration of the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))

<a id="nestedatt--cleanup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cleanup`

Read-Only:

- `policy_names` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--http_client"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_client`

Read-Only:

- `authentication` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--http_client--authentication))
- `auto_block` (Boolean)
- `blocked` (Boolean)
- `connection` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--http_client--connection))

<a id="nestedobjatt--http_client--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_client.authentication`

Read-Only:

- `ntlm_domain` (String)
- `ntlm_host` (String)
- `password` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `username` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--http_client--connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_client.connection`

Read-Only:

- `enable_circular_redirects` (Boolean)
- `enable_cookies` (Boolean)
- `retries` (Number)
- `timeout` (Number)
- `use_trust_store` (Boolean)
- `user_agent_suffix` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--negative_cache"></a>
### Nested Schema for `negative_cache`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `ttl` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy`

Read-Only:

- `content_max_age` (Number)
- `metadata_max_age` (Number)
- `remote_url` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Read-Only:

- `blob_store_name` (String)
- `strict_content_type_validation` (Boolean)
