docs/data-sources/repository_docker_hosted.md, before:

---
page_title: "Data Source nexus_repository_docker_hosted"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get an existing docker repository.
---
# Data Source nexus_repository_docker_hosted
Use this data source to get an existing docker repository.
## Example Usage
```terraform
data "nexus_repository_docker_hosted" "example" {
  name = "example"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A unique identifier for this repository

### Read-Only

- `cleanup` (List of Object) Cleanup policies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cleanup))
- `component` (List of Object) Component configuration for the hosted repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--component))
- `docker` (List of Object) docker contains the configuration of the docker repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--docker))
- `id` (String) Used to identify data source at nexus
- `online` (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests
- `storage` (List of Object) The storage configuration of the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))

<a id="nestedatt--cleanup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cleanup`

Read-Only:

- `policy_names` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--component"></a>
### Nested Schema for `component`

Read-Only:

- `proprietary_components` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--docker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `docker`

Read-Only:

- `force_basic_auth` (Boolean)
- `http_port` (Number)
- `https_port` (Number)
- `subdomain` (String)
- `v1_enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Read-Only:

- `blob_store_name` (String)
- `strict_content_type_validation` (Boolean)
- `write_policy` (String)

Commit message:

feat: Add latest_policy to storage block of docker hosted repository
related to #341

docs/data-sources/repository_docker_hosted.md, after:

---
page_title: "Data Source nexus_repository_docker_hosted"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get an existing docker repository.
---
# Data Source nexus_repository_docker_hosted
Use this data source to get an existing docker repository.
## Example Usage
```terraform
data "nexus_repository_docker_hosted" "example" {
  name = "example"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A unique identifier for this repository

### Read-Only

- `cleanup` (List of Object) Cleanup policies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cleanup))
- `component` (List of Object) Component configuration for the hosted repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--component))
- `docker` (List of Object) docker contains the configuration of the docker repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--docker))
- `id` (String) Used to identify data source at nexus
- `online` (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests
- `storage` (List of Object) The storage configuration of the repository docker hosted (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))

<a id="nestedatt--cleanup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cleanup`

Read-Only:

- `policy_names` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--component"></a>
### Nested Schema for `component`

Read-Only:

- `proprietary_components` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--docker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `docker`

Read-Only:

- `force_basic_auth` (Boolean)
- `http_port` (Number)
- `https_port` (Number)
- `subdomain` (String)
- `v1_enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Read-Only:

- `blob_store_name` (String)
- `latest_policy` (Boolean)
- `strict_content_type_validation` (Boolean)
- `write_policy` (String)
