docs/data-sources/repository_bower_hosted.md, before:

---
page_title: "Data Source nexus_repository_bower_hosted"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get an existing hosted bower repository.
---
# Data Source nexus_repository_bower_hosted
Use this data source to get an existing hosted bower repository.
## Example Usage
```terraform
data "nexus_repository_bower_hosted" "bower" {
  name = "bower"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A unique identifier for this repository

### Read-Only

- `cleanup` (List of Object) Cleanup policies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cleanup))
- `component` (List of Object) Component configuration for the hosted repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--component))
- `id` (String) Used to identify data source at nexus
- `online` (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests
- `storage` (List of Object) The storage configuration of the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))

<a id="nestedatt--cleanup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cleanup`

Read-Only:

- `policy_names` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--component"></a>
### Nested Schema for `component`

Read-Only:

- `proprietary_components` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Read-Only:

- `blob_store_name` (String)
- `strict_content_type_validation` (Boolean)
- `write_policy` (String)

Commit message:

docs: add deprecation warning to bower repositories

docs/data-sources/repository_bower_hosted.md, after:

---
page_title: "Data Source nexus_repository_bower_hosted"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  !> This data source is deprecated and will be removed in the next major release of this provider. Bower repositories were removed in Nexus 3.71.0.
  Use this data source to get an existing hosted bower repository.
---
# Data Source nexus_repository_bower_hosted
!> This data source is deprecated and will be removed in the next major release of this provider. Bower repositories were removed in Nexus 3.71.0.

Use this data source to get an existing hosted bower repository.
## Example Usage
```terraform
data "nexus_repository_bower_hosted" "bower" {
  name = "bower"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A unique identifier for this repository

### Read-Only

- `cleanup` (List of Object) Cleanup policies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cleanup))
- `component` (List of Object) Component configuration for the hosted repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--component))
- `id` (String) Used to identify data source at nexus
- `online` (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests
- `storage` (List of Object) The storage configuration of the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))

<a id="nestedatt--cleanup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cleanup`

Read-Only:

- `policy_names` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--component"></a>
### Nested Schema for `component`

Read-Only:

- `proprietary_components` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Read-Only:

- `blob_store_name` (String)
- `strict_content_type_validation` (Boolean)
- `write_policy` (String)
