docs/data-sources/repository_yum_hosted.md, before:

---
page_title: "Data Source nexus_repository_yum_hosted"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get an existing yum repository.
---
# Data Source nexus_repository_yum_hosted
Use this data source to get an existing yum repository.
## Example Usage
```terraform
data "nexus_repository_yum_hosted" "yummy" {
  name = "yummy"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) A unique identifier for this repository

### Read-Only

- **cleanup** (List of Object) Cleanup policies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cleanup))
- **deploy_policy** (String) Validate that all paths are RPMs or yum metadata. Possible values: `STRICT` or `PERMISSIVE`
- **id** (String) Used to identify data source at nexus
- **online** (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests
- **repodata_depth** (Number) Specifies the repository depth where repodata folder(s) are created. Possible values: 0-5
- **storage** (List of Object) The storage configuration of the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))

<a id="nestedatt--cleanup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cleanup`

Read-Only:

- **policy_names** (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Read-Only:

- **blob_store_name** (String)
- **strict_content_type_validation** (Boolean)
- **write_policy** (String)

Commit message:

feat(repository): Add component block to nexus_repository_yum_hosted Move common repsoitory schemas into own package

docs/data-sources/repository_yum_hosted.md, after:

---
page_title: "Data Source nexus_repository_yum_hosted"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get an existing yum repository.
---
# Data Source nexus_repository_yum_hosted
Use this data source to get an existing yum repository.
## Example Usage
```terraform
data "nexus_repository_yum_hosted" "yummy" {
  name = "yummy"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) A unique identifier for this repository

### Read-Only

- **cleanup** (List of Object) Cleanup policies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cleanup))
- **component** (List of Object) Component configuration for the hosted repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--component))
- **deploy_policy** (String) Validate that all paths are RPMs or yum metadata. Possible values: `STRICT` or `PERMISSIVE`
- **id** (String) Used to identify data source at nexus
- **online** (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests
- **repodata_depth** (Number) Specifies the repository depth where repodata folder(s) are created. Possible values: 0-5
- **storage** (List of Object) The storage configuration of the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))

<a id="nestedatt--cleanup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cleanup`

Read-Only:

- **policy_names** (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--component"></a>
### Nested Schema for `component`

Read-Only:

- **proprietary_components** (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Read-Only:

- **blob_store_name** (String)
- **strict_content_type_validation** (Boolean)
- **write_policy** (String)
