docs/data-sources/security_saml.md, before:

---
layout: "nexus"
page_title: "Nexus: nexus_security_saml"
subcategory: "Security"
sidebar_current: "docs-nexus-datasource-security_saml"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get the saml configuration
---

# nexus_security_saml

Use this data source to get the saml configuration

---
**PRO Feature**
---

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "nexus_security_saml" "saml" {}

output "saml_entity_id" {
  description = "Entity ID URI of saml config"
  value       = data.nexus_security_saml.saml.entity_id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:



## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `email_attribute` - IdP field mappings for user's email address
* `entity_id` - Entity ID URI
* `first_name_attribute` - IdP field mappings for user's given name
* `groups_attribute` - IdP field mappings for user's groups
* `idp_metadata` - SAML Identity Provider Metadata XML
* `last_name_attribute` - IdP field mappings for user's family name
* `username_attribute` - IdP field mappings for username
* `validate_assertion_signature` - By default, if a signing key is found in the IdP metadata, then NXRM will attempt to validate signatures on the assertions.
* `validate_response_signature` - By default, if a signing key is found in the IdP metadata, then NXRM will attempt to validate signatures on the response.

Commit message:

Change docs generarion to hashicorps tool tfplugindocs see: https://www.terraform.io/registry/providers/docs

docs/data-sources/security_saml.md, after:

---
page_title: "Data Source nexus_security_saml"
subcategory: "Security"
description: |-
  ~> PRO Feature
  Use this data source to get the saml configuration.
---
# Data Source nexus_security_saml
~> PRO Feature

Use this data source to get the saml configuration.
## Example Usage
```terraform
data "nexus_security_saml" "saml" {}

output "saml_entity_id" {
  description = "Entity ID URI of saml config"
  value       = data.nexus_security_saml.saml.entity_id
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only

- **email_attribute** (String) IdP field mappings for user's email address
- **entity_id** (String) Entity ID URI
- **first_name_attribute** (String) IdP field mappings for user's given name
- **groups_attribute** (String) IdP field mappings for user's groups
- **idp_metadata** (String) SAML Identity Provider Metadata XML
- **last_name_attribute** (String) IdP field mappings for user's family name
- **username_attribute** (String) IdP field mappings for username
- **validate_assertion_signature** (Boolean) By default, if a signing key is found in the IdP metadata, then NXRM will attempt to validate signatures on the assertions.
- **validate_response_signature** (Boolean) By default, if a signing key is found in the IdP metadata, then NXRM will attempt to validate signatures on the response.
