README.md, before:

# Terraform provider Nexus

![codeql workflow](https://github.com/datadrivers/terraform-provider-nexus/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml/badge.svg)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/datadrivers/terraform-provider-nexus)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/datadrivers/terraform-provider-nexus)

- [Terraform provider Nexus](#terraform-provider-nexus)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Provider config](#provider-config)
  - [Development](#development)
    - [Build](#build)
    - [Testing](#testing)
      - [To debug tests](#to-debug-tests)
    - [Create documentation](#create-documentation)
  - [Author](#author)

## Introduction

Terraform provider to configure Sonatype Nexus using its API.

Implemented and tested with Sonatype Nexus `3.70.1-02`.

## Usage

### Provider config

```hcl
provider "nexus" {
  insecure = true
  password = "admin123"
  url      = "https://127.0.0.1:8080"
  username = "admin"
}
```

## Development

### Build

There is a [makefile](./GNUmakefile) to build the provider and place it in repos root dir.

```sh
make
```

To use the local build version you need tell terraform where to look for it via a terraform config override.

Create `dev.tfrc` in your terraform code folder (f.e. in [dev.tfrc](./examples/local-development/dev.tfrc)):

```hcl
# dev.tfrc
provider_installation {

  # Use /home/developer/tmp/terraform-nexus as an overridden package directory
  # for the datadrivers/nexus provider. This disables the version and checksum
  # verifications for this provider and forces Terraform to look for the
  # nexus provider plugin in the given directory.
  # relative path also works, but no variable or ~ evaluation
  dev_overrides {
    "datadrivers/nexus" = "../../"
  }

  # For all other providers, install them directly from their origin provider
  # registries as normal. If you omit this, Terraform will _only_ use
  # the dev_overrides block, and so no other providers will be available.
  direct {}
}
```

Tell your shell environment to use override file:

```bash
export TF_CLI_CONFIG_FILE=dev.tfrc
```

Now run your terraform commands (`plan` or `apply`), `init` is ***not*** required.

```bash
# start local nexus
make start-services
# run local terraform code
cd examples/local-development
terraform plan
terraform apply
```

### Testing

**NOTE**: For testing Nexus Pro features, place the `license.lic` in `scripts/`.

For testing start a local Docker containers using make

```shell
make start-services
```

This will start a Docker and MinIO containers and expose ports 8081 and 9000.

Now start the tests

```shell
make testacc
```

or skipped tests:

```shell
SKIP_S3_TESTS=true make testacc
SKIP_AZURE_TESTS=true make testacc
SKIP_PRO_TESTS=true make testacc
```

#### To debug tests

Set env variable `TF_LOG=DEBUG` to see additional output.

Use `printState()` function to discover terraform state (and resource props) during test.

Debug configurations are also available for VS Code.

### Create documentation

When creating or updating resources/data resources please make sure to update the examples in the respective folder (`./examples/resources/<name>` for resources, `./examples/data-sources/<name>` for data sources)

Next you can use the following command to generate the terraform documentation from go files

```shell
make docs
```

## Author

[Datadrivers GmbH](https://www.datadrivers.de)

Commit message:

Add support for mutual authentication via TLS (#459)
Prior to this change, there was no way to pass in a client certificate
if you had set up Nexus behind a load balancer with mutual auth
configured.

This change exposes some new configuration values that allow you to pass
in a path to a file on disk containing your client key/cert (which can
be in a single file) and optionally a Root CA.

README.md, after:

# Terraform provider Nexus

![codeql workflow](https://github.com/datadrivers/terraform-provider-nexus/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml/badge.svg)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/datadrivers/terraform-provider-nexus)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/datadrivers/terraform-provider-nexus)

- [Terraform provider Nexus](#terraform-provider-nexus)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Provider config](#provider-config)
  - [Development](#development)
    - [Build](#build)
    - [Testing](#testing)
      - [To debug tests](#to-debug-tests)
    - [Create documentation](#create-documentation)
  - [Author](#author)

## Introduction

Terraform provider to configure Sonatype Nexus using its API.

Implemented and tested with Sonatype Nexus `3.70.1-02`.

## Usage

### Provider config

```hcl
provider "nexus" {
  insecure         = true
  password         = "admin123"
  url              = "https://127.0.0.1:8080"
  username         = "admin"
}
```

Optionally with mTLS if Nexus is deployed behind a reverse proxy:

```hcl
provider "nexus" {
  insecure         = true
  password         = "admin123"
  url              = "https://127.0.0.1:8080"
  username         = "admin"
  client_cert_path = "/path/to/client.crt"
  client_key_path  = "/path/to/client.key"
  root_ca_path     = "/path/to/root_ca.crt"
}
```

Note that the `root_ca_path` should contain ALL certificates required for 
communication. It overrides the system CA store, rather than adding to it.

You can point the `root_ca_path` to the system trust store if required, e.g.:

`root_ca_path = "/etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt"`

## Development

### Build

There is a [makefile](./GNUmakefile) to build the provider and place it in repos root dir.

```sh
make
```

To use the local build version you need tell terraform where to look for it via a terraform config override.

Create `dev.tfrc` in your terraform code folder (f.e. in [dev.tfrc](./examples/local-development/dev.tfrc)):

```hcl
# dev.tfrc
provider_installation {

  # Use /home/developer/tmp/terraform-nexus as an overridden package directory
  # for the datadrivers/nexus provider. This disables the version and checksum
  # verifications for this provider and forces Terraform to look for the
  # nexus provider plugin in the given directory.
  # relative path also works, but no variable or ~ evaluation
  dev_overrides {
    "datadrivers/nexus" = "../../"
  }

  # For all other providers, install them directly from their origin provider
  # registries as normal. If you omit this, Terraform will _only_ use
  # the dev_overrides block, and so no other providers will be available.
  direct {}
}
```

Tell your shell environment to use override file:

```bash
export TF_CLI_CONFIG_FILE=dev.tfrc
```

Now run your terraform commands (`plan` or `apply`), `init` is ***not*** required.

```bash
# start local nexus
make start-services
# run local terraform code
cd examples/local-development
terraform plan
terraform apply
```

### Testing

**NOTE**: For testing Nexus Pro features, place the `license.lic` in `scripts/`.

For testing start a local Docker containers using make

```shell
make start-services
```

This will start a Docker and MinIO containers and expose ports 8081 and 9000.

Now start the tests

```shell
make testacc
```

or skipped tests:

```shell
SKIP_S3_TESTS=true make testacc
SKIP_AZURE_TESTS=true make testacc
SKIP_PRO_TESTS=true make testacc
```

#### To debug tests

Set env variable `TF_LOG=DEBUG` to see additional output.

Use `printState()` function to discover terraform state (and resource props) during test.

Debug configurations are also available for VS Code.

### Create documentation

When creating or updating resources/data resources please make sure to update the examples in the respective folder (`./examples/resources/<name>` for resources, `./examples/data-sources/<name>` for data sources)

Next you can use the following command to generate the terraform documentation from go files

```shell
make docs
```

## Author

[Datadrivers GmbH](https://www.datadrivers.de)
