docs/index.md, before:

---
page_title: "Provider: Nexus"
description: |-
  The Nexus provider allows Terraform to read from, write to, and configure Sonatype Nexus Repository Manager
---

# Nexus Provider

The Nexus provider allows Terraform to read from, write to, and configure [Sonatype Nexus Repository Manager](https://www.sonatype.com/product-nexus-repository).

-> **Note** This provider hat been implemented and tested with Sonatype Nexus Repository Manager OSS `3.64.0-03`.

## Usage

### Provider config

```terraform
provider "nexus" {
  insecure = true
  password = "admin123"
  url      = "https://127.0.0.1:8080"
  username = "admin"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `insecure` (Boolean) Boolean to specify wether insecure SSL connections are allowed or not. Reading environment variable NEXUS_INSECURE_SKIP_VERIFY. Default:`true`
- `password` (String) Password of user to connect to API. Reading environment variable NEXUS_PASSWORD. Default:`admin123`
- `url` (String) URL of Nexus to reach API. Reading environment variable NEXUS_URL. Default:`http://127.0.0.1:8080`
- `username` (String) Username used to connect to API. Reading environment variable NEXUS_USERNAME. Default:`admin`

## Author

[Datadrivers GmbH](https://www.datadrivers.de)

Commit message:

use timeout config variable (#422)
Co-authored-by: André Möller <andre.moeller@datadrivers.de>

docs/index.md, after:

---
page_title: "Provider: Nexus"
description: |-
  The Nexus provider allows Terraform to read from, write to, and configure Sonatype Nexus Repository Manager
---

# Nexus Provider

The Nexus provider allows Terraform to read from, write to, and configure [Sonatype Nexus Repository Manager](https://www.sonatype.com/product-nexus-repository).

-> **Note** This provider hat been implemented and tested with Sonatype Nexus Repository Manager OSS `3.64.0-03`.

## Usage

### Provider config

```terraform
provider "nexus" {
  insecure = true
  password = "admin123"
  url      = "https://127.0.0.1:8080"
  username = "admin"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `insecure` (Boolean) Boolean to specify wether insecure SSL connections are allowed or not. Reading environment variable NEXUS_INSECURE_SKIP_VERIFY. Default:`true`
- `password` (String) Password of user to connect to API. Reading environment variable NEXUS_PASSWORD. Default:`admin123`
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout in seconds to connect to API. Reading environment variable NEXUS_TIMEOUT. Default:`30`
- `url` (String) URL of Nexus to reach API. Reading environment variable NEXUS_URL. Default:`http://127.0.0.1:8080`
- `username` (String) Username used to connect to API. Reading environment variable NEXUS_USERNAME. Default:`admin`

## Author

[Datadrivers GmbH](https://www.datadrivers.de)
