---
page_title: "Resource nexus_blobstore"
subcategory: "Other"
description: |-
  !> This resource is deprecated. Please use the resource "nexusblobstore*" instead.
  Use this resource to create a Nexus blobstore.
---
# Resource nexus_blobstore
!> This resource is deprecated. Please use the resource "nexus_blobstore_*" instead.

Use this resource to create a Nexus blobstore.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Blobstore name
- `type` (String) The type of the blobstore. Possible values: `S3` or `File`

### Optional

- `bucket_configuration` (Block List, Max: 1) The S3 bucket configuration. Needed for blobstore type 'S3' (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bucket_configuration))
- `path` (String) The path to the blobstore contents. This can be an absolute path to anywhere on the system nxrm has access to or it can be a path relative to the sonatype-work directory
- `soft_quota` (Block List, Max: 1) Soft quota of the blobstore (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--soft_quota))

### Read-Only

- `available_space_in_bytes` (String) Available space in Bytes
- `blob_count` (Number) Count of blobs
- `id` (String) Used to identify resource at nexus
- `total_size_in_bytes` (Number) The total size of the blobstore in Bytes

<a id="nestedblock--bucket_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_configuration`

Required:

- `bucket` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The S3 bucket configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bucket_configuration--bucket))

Optional:

- `advanced_bucket_connection` (Block List, Max: 1) Additional connection configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bucket_configuration--advanced_bucket_connection))
- `bucket_security` (Block List, Max: 1) Additional security configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bucket_configuration--bucket_security))
- `encryption` (Block List, Max: 1) Additional bucket encryption configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bucket_configuration--encryption))

<a id="nestedblock--bucket_configuration--bucket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_configuration.bucket`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the S3 bucket
- `region` (String) The AWS region to create a new S3 bucket in or an existing S3 bucket's region

Optional:

- `expiration` (Number) How many days until deleted blobs are finally removed from the S3 bucket (-1 to disable)
- `prefix` (String) The S3 blob store (i.e S3 object) key prefix


<a id="nestedblock--bucket_configuration--advanced_bucket_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_configuration.advanced_bucket_connection`

Optional:

- `endpoint` (String) A custom endpoint URL for third party object stores using the S3 API.
- `force_path_style` (Boolean) Setting this flag will result in path-style access being used for all requests.
- `signer_type` (String) An API signature version which may be required for third party object stores using the S3 API.


<a id="nestedblock--bucket_configuration--bucket_security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_configuration.bucket_security`

Required:

- `access_key_id` (String) An IAM access key ID for granting access to the S3 bucket
- `secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret access key associated with the specified IAM access key ID

Optional:

- `role` (String) An IAM role to assume in order to access the S3 bucket
- `session_token` (String, Sensitive) An AWS STS session token associated with temporary security credentials which grant access to the S3 bucket


<a id="nestedblock--bucket_configuration--encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_configuration.encryption`

Optional:

- `encryption_key` (String) The encryption key.
- `encryption_type` (String) The type of S3 server side encryption to use.



<a id="nestedblock--soft_quota"></a>
### Nested Schema for `soft_quota`

Required:

- `limit` (Number) The limit in Bytes. Minimum value is 1000000
- `type` (String) The type to use such as spaceRemainingQuota, or spaceUsedQuota
