docs/resources/blobstore_file.md, before:

---
layout: "nexus"
page_title: "Nexus: nexus_blobstore_file"
subcategory: "Blobstore"
sidebar_current: "docs-nexus-resource-blobstore_file"
description: |-
  Use this resource to create a Nexus file blobstore.
---

# nexus_blobstore_file

Use this resource to create a Nexus file blobstore.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "nexus_blobstore_file" "default" {
  name = "blobstore-file"
  type = "File"
  path = "/nexus-data/blobstore-file"

  soft_quota {
    limit = 1024000000
    type  = "spaceRemainingQuota"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Blobstore name
* `path` - (Optional) The path to the blobstore contents. This can be an absolute path to anywhere on the system nxrm has access to or it can be a path relative to the sonatype-work directory
* `soft_quota` - (Optional) Soft quota of the blobstore

The `soft_quota` object supports the following:

* `limit` - (Required) The limit in Bytes. Minimum value is 1000000
* `type` - (Required) The type to use such as spaceRemainingQuota, or spaceUsedQuota

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `available_space_in_bytes` - Available space in Bytes
* `blob_count` - Count of blobs
* `total_size_in_bytes` - The total size of the blobstore in Bytes

Commit message:

Change docs generarion to hashicorps tool tfplugindocs see: https://www.terraform.io/registry/providers/docs

docs/resources/blobstore_file.md, after:

---
page_title: "Resource nexus_blobstore_file"
subcategory: "Blobstore"
description: |-
  Use this resource to create a Nexus file blobstore.
---
# Resource nexus_blobstore_file
Use this resource to create a Nexus file blobstore.
## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "nexus_blobstore_file" "file" {
  name = "blobstore-file"
  type = "File"
  path = "/nexus-data/blobstore-file"

  soft_quota {
    limit = 1024000000
    type  = "spaceRemainingQuota"
  }
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Blobstore name

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **path** (String) The path to the blobstore contents. This can be an absolute path to anywhere on the system nxrm has access to or it can be a path relative to the sonatype-work directory
- **soft_quota** (Block List, Max: 1) Soft quota of the blobstore (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--soft_quota))

### Read-Only

- **available_space_in_bytes** (Number) Available space in Bytes
- **blob_count** (Number) Count of blobs
- **total_size_in_bytes** (Number) The total size of the blobstore in Bytes

<a id="nestedblock--soft_quota"></a>
### Nested Schema for `soft_quota`

Required:

- **limit** (Number) The limit in Bytes. Minimum value is 1000000
- **type** (String) The type to use such as spaceRemainingQuota, or spaceUsedQuota
## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# import using the name of blobstore
terraform import nexus_blobstore_file.file blobstore-file
```
