docs/resources/privilege.md, before:

---
layout: "nexus"
page_title: "Nexus: nexus_privilege"
subcategory: "Other"
sidebar_current: "docs-nexus-resource-privilege"
description: |-
  Use this resource to create a Nexus privilege
---

# nexus_privilege

Use this resource to create a Nexus privilege

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "nexus_privilege" "example" {
  name    = "example-privilige"
  actions = "all"
  type    = "repository-admin"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `actions` - (Required) Actions for the privilege (browse, read, edit, add, delete, all and run)
* `name` - (Required, ForceNew) The name of the privilege
* `type` - (Required) The type of the privilege. Possible values: `application`, `repository-admin`, `repository-content-selector`, `repository-view`, `script`, `wildcard`
* `content_selector` - (Optional) The content selector for the privilege
* `description` - (Optional) A description of the privilege
* `domain` - (Optional) The domain of the privilege
* `format` - (Optional) The format of the privilege. Possible values: `apt`, `bower`, `conan`, `docker`, `gitlfs`, `go`, `helm`, `maven2`, `npm`, `nuget`, `p2`, `pypi`, `raw`, `rubygems`, `yum`
* `pattern` - (Optional) The wildcard privilege pattern
* `repository` - (Optional) The repository of the privilege
* `script_name` - (Optional) The script name related to the privilege

Commit message:

Change docs generarion to hashicorps tool tfplugindocs see: https://www.terraform.io/registry/providers/docs

docs/resources/privilege.md, after:

---
page_title: "Resource nexus_privilege"
subcategory: "Other"
description: |-
  Use this resource to create a Nexus privilege.
---
# Resource nexus_privilege
Use this resource to create a Nexus privilege.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **actions** (Set of String) Actions for the privilege (browse, read, edit, add, delete, all and run)
- **name** (String) The name of the privilege
- **type** (String) The type of the privilege. Possible values: `application`, `repository-admin`, `repository-content-selector`, `repository-view`, `script`, `wildcard`

### Optional

- **content_selector** (String) The content selector for the privilege
- **description** (String) A description of the privilege
- **domain** (String) The domain of the privilege
- **format** (String) The format of the privilege. Possible values: `apt`, `bower`, `conan`, `docker`, `gitlfs`, `go`, `helm`, `maven2`, `npm`, `nuget`, `p2`, `pypi`, `raw`, `rubygems`, `yum`
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **pattern** (String) The wildcard privilege pattern
- **repository** (String) The repository of the privilege
- **script_name** (String) The script name related to the privilege
