docs/resources/repository_bower_group.md, before:

---
page_title: "Resource nexus_repository_bower_group"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  Use this resource to create a group bower repository.
---
# Resource nexus_repository_bower_group
Use this resource to create a group bower repository.
## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "nexus_repository_bower_hosted" "internal" {
  name   = "internal"
  online = true

  storage {
    blob_store_name                = "default"
    strict_content_type_validation = true
    write_policy                   = "ALLOW"
  }
}

resource "nexus_repository_bower_proxy" "bower_io" {
  name   = "bower-io"
  online = true

  rewrite_package_urls = true

  storage {
    blob_store_name                = "default"
    strict_content_type_validation = true
  }

  proxy {
    remote_url       = "https://registry.bower.io"
    content_max_age  = 1440
    metadata_max_age = 1440
  }

  negative_cache {
    enabled = true
    ttl     = 1440
  }

  http_client {
    blocked    = false
    auto_block = true
  }
}

resource "nexus_repository_bower_group" "group" {
  name   = "bower-group"
  online = true

  group {
    member_names = [
      nexus_repository_bower_hosted.internal.name,
      nexus_repository_bower_proxy.bower_io.name,
    ]
  }

  storage {
    blob_store_name                = "default"
    strict_content_type_validation = true
  }
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configuration for repository group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--group))
- `name` (String) A unique identifier for this repository
- `storage` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The storage configuration of the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--storage))

### Optional

- `online` (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Used to identify resource at nexus

<a id="nestedblock--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group`

Required:

- `member_names` (List of String) Member repositories names


<a id="nestedblock--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Required:

- `blob_store_name` (String) Blob store used to store repository contents

Optional:

- `strict_content_type_validation` (Boolean) Whether to validate uploaded content's MIME type appropriate for the repository format
## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# import using the name of repository
terraform import nexus_repository_bower_group.group bower-group
```

Commit message:

feat: update nexus to 3.72 (#469)
* feat: update nexus version to 3.72.0

* test: remove bower(deprecated) tests

* fix: enable h2 for oss nexus

* docs: add deprecation warning to bower repositories

* docs: Update supported versions

docs/resources/repository_bower_group.md, after:

---
page_title: "Resource nexus_repository_bower_group"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  !> This resource is deprecated and will be removed in the next major release of this provider. Bower repositories were removed in Nexus 3.71.0.
  Use this resource to create a group bower repository.
---
# Resource nexus_repository_bower_group
!> This resource is deprecated and will be removed in the next major release of this provider. Bower repositories were removed in Nexus 3.71.0.

Use this resource to create a group bower repository.
## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "nexus_repository_bower_hosted" "internal" {
  name   = "internal"
  online = true

  storage {
    blob_store_name                = "default"
    strict_content_type_validation = true
    write_policy                   = "ALLOW"
  }
}

resource "nexus_repository_bower_proxy" "bower_io" {
  name   = "bower-io"
  online = true

  rewrite_package_urls = true

  storage {
    blob_store_name                = "default"
    strict_content_type_validation = true
  }

  proxy {
    remote_url       = "https://registry.bower.io"
    content_max_age  = 1440
    metadata_max_age = 1440
  }

  negative_cache {
    enabled = true
    ttl     = 1440
  }

  http_client {
    blocked    = false
    auto_block = true
  }
}

resource "nexus_repository_bower_group" "group" {
  name   = "bower-group"
  online = true

  group {
    member_names = [
      nexus_repository_bower_hosted.internal.name,
      nexus_repository_bower_proxy.bower_io.name,
    ]
  }

  storage {
    blob_store_name                = "default"
    strict_content_type_validation = true
  }
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configuration for repository group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--group))
- `name` (String) A unique identifier for this repository
- `storage` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The storage configuration of the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--storage))

### Optional

- `online` (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Used to identify resource at nexus

<a id="nestedblock--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group`

Required:

- `member_names` (List of String) Member repositories names


<a id="nestedblock--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Required:

- `blob_store_name` (String) Blob store used to store repository contents

Optional:

- `strict_content_type_validation` (Boolean) Whether to validate uploaded content's MIME type appropriate for the repository format
## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# import using the name of repository
terraform import nexus_repository_bower_group.group bower-group
```
