docs/resources/repository_bower_proxy.md, before:

---
page_title: "Resource nexus_repository_bower_proxy"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  Use this resource to create an bower proxy repository.
---
# Resource nexus_repository_bower_proxy
Use this resource to create an bower proxy repository.
## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "nexus_repository_bower_proxy" "bower_io" {
  name   = "bower-io"
  online = true

  rewrite_package_urls = true

  storage {
    blob_store_name                = "default"
    strict_content_type_validation = true
  }

  proxy {
    remote_url       = "https://registry.bower.io"
    content_max_age  = 1440
    metadata_max_age = 1440
  }

  negative_cache {
    enabled = true
    ttl     = 1440
  }

  http_client {
    blocked    = false
    auto_block = true
  }
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `http_client` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) HTTP Client configuration for proxy repositories (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--http_client))
- `name` (String) A unique identifier for this repository
- `negative_cache` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configuration of the negative cache handling (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--negative_cache))
- `proxy` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configuration for the proxy repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--proxy))
- `rewrite_package_urls` (Boolean) Whether to force Bower to retrieve packages through this proxy repository
- `storage` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The storage configuration of the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--storage))

### Optional

- `cleanup` (Block List) Cleanup policies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cleanup))
- `online` (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests
- `routing_rule` (String) The name of the routing rule assigned to this repository

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Used to identify resource at nexus

<a id="nestedblock--http_client"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_client`

Required:

- `auto_block` (Boolean) Whether to auto-block outbound connections if remote peer is detected as unreachable/unresponsive
- `blocked` (Boolean) Whether to block outbound connections on the repository

Optional:

- `authentication` (Block List, Max: 1) Authentication configuration of the HTTP client (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--http_client--authentication))
- `connection` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection configuration of the HTTP client (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--http_client--connection))

<a id="nestedblock--http_client--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_client.authentication`

Required:

- `type` (String) Authentication type. Possible values: `ntlm` or `username`

Optional:

- `ntlm_domain` (String) The ntlm domain to connect
- `ntlm_host` (String) The ntlm host to connect
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password used by the proxy repository
- `username` (String) The username used by the proxy repository


<a id="nestedblock--http_client--connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_client.connection`

Optional:

- `enable_circular_redirects` (Boolean) Whether to enable redirects to the same location (may be required by some servers)
- `enable_cookies` (Boolean) Whether to allow cookies to be stored and used
- `retries` (Number) Total retries if the initial connection attempt suffers a timeout
- `timeout` (Number) Seconds to wait for activity before stopping and retrying the connection
- `use_trust_store` (Boolean) Use certificates stored in the Nexus Repository Manager truststore to connect to external systems
- `user_agent_suffix` (String) Custom fragment to append to User-Agent header in HTTP requests



<a id="nestedblock--negative_cache"></a>
### Nested Schema for `negative_cache`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to cache responses for content not present in the proxied repository
- `ttl` (Number) How long to cache the fact that a file was not found in the repository (in minutes)


<a id="nestedblock--proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy`

Required:

- `remote_url` (String) Location of the remote repository being proxied

Optional:

- `content_max_age` (Number) How long (in minutes) to cache artifacts before rechecking the remote repository
- `metadata_max_age` (Number) How long (in minutes) to cache metadata before rechecking the remote repository.


<a id="nestedblock--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Required:

- `blob_store_name` (String) Blob store used to store repository contents

Optional:

- `strict_content_type_validation` (Boolean) Whether to validate uploaded content's MIME type appropriate for the repository format


<a id="nestedblock--cleanup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cleanup`

Optional:

- `policy_names` (Set of String) List of policy names
## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# import using the name of repository
terraform import nexus_repository_bower_proxy.bower_io bower-io
```

Commit message:

docs: add deprecation warning to bower repositories

docs/resources/repository_bower_proxy.md, after:

---
page_title: "Resource nexus_repository_bower_proxy"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  !> This resource is deprecated and will be removed in the next major release of this provider. Bower repositories were removed in Nexus 3.71.0.
  Use this resource to create an bower proxy repository.
---
# Resource nexus_repository_bower_proxy
!> This resource is deprecated and will be removed in the next major release of this provider. Bower repositories were removed in Nexus 3.71.0.

Use this resource to create an bower proxy repository.
## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "nexus_repository_bower_proxy" "bower_io" {
  name   = "bower-io"
  online = true

  rewrite_package_urls = true

  storage {
    blob_store_name                = "default"
    strict_content_type_validation = true
  }

  proxy {
    remote_url       = "https://registry.bower.io"
    content_max_age  = 1440
    metadata_max_age = 1440
  }

  negative_cache {
    enabled = true
    ttl     = 1440
  }

  http_client {
    blocked    = false
    auto_block = true
  }
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `http_client` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) HTTP Client configuration for proxy repositories (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--http_client))
- `name` (String) A unique identifier for this repository
- `negative_cache` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configuration of the negative cache handling (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--negative_cache))
- `proxy` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configuration for the proxy repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--proxy))
- `rewrite_package_urls` (Boolean) Whether to force Bower to retrieve packages through this proxy repository
- `storage` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The storage configuration of the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--storage))

### Optional

- `cleanup` (Block List) Cleanup policies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cleanup))
- `online` (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests
- `routing_rule` (String) The name of the routing rule assigned to this repository

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Used to identify resource at nexus

<a id="nestedblock--http_client"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_client`

Required:

- `auto_block` (Boolean) Whether to auto-block outbound connections if remote peer is detected as unreachable/unresponsive
- `blocked` (Boolean) Whether to block outbound connections on the repository

Optional:

- `authentication` (Block List, Max: 1) Authentication configuration of the HTTP client (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--http_client--authentication))
- `connection` (Block List, Max: 1) Connection configuration of the HTTP client (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--http_client--connection))

<a id="nestedblock--http_client--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_client.authentication`

Required:

- `type` (String) Authentication type. Possible values: `ntlm` or `username`

Optional:

- `ntlm_domain` (String) The ntlm domain to connect
- `ntlm_host` (String) The ntlm host to connect
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password used by the proxy repository
- `username` (String) The username used by the proxy repository


<a id="nestedblock--http_client--connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_client.connection`

Optional:

- `enable_circular_redirects` (Boolean) Whether to enable redirects to the same location (may be required by some servers)
- `enable_cookies` (Boolean) Whether to allow cookies to be stored and used
- `retries` (Number) Total retries if the initial connection attempt suffers a timeout
- `timeout` (Number) Seconds to wait for activity before stopping and retrying the connection
- `use_trust_store` (Boolean) Use certificates stored in the Nexus Repository Manager truststore to connect to external systems
- `user_agent_suffix` (String) Custom fragment to append to User-Agent header in HTTP requests



<a id="nestedblock--negative_cache"></a>
### Nested Schema for `negative_cache`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to cache responses for content not present in the proxied repository
- `ttl` (Number) How long to cache the fact that a file was not found in the repository (in minutes)


<a id="nestedblock--proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy`

Required:

- `remote_url` (String) Location of the remote repository being proxied

Optional:

- `content_max_age` (Number) How long (in minutes) to cache artifacts before rechecking the remote repository
- `metadata_max_age` (Number) How long (in minutes) to cache metadata before rechecking the remote repository.


<a id="nestedblock--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Required:

- `blob_store_name` (String) Blob store used to store repository contents

Optional:

- `strict_content_type_validation` (Boolean) Whether to validate uploaded content's MIME type appropriate for the repository format


<a id="nestedblock--cleanup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cleanup`

Optional:

- `policy_names` (Set of String) List of policy names
## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# import using the name of repository
terraform import nexus_repository_bower_proxy.bower_io bower-io
```
