docs/resources/repository_npm_group.md, before:

---
page_title: "Resource nexus_repository_npm_group"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  Use this resource to create a group npm repository.
---
# Resource nexus_repository_npm_group
Use this resource to create a group npm repository.
## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "nexus_repository_npm_hosted" "internal" {
  name   = "internal"
  online = true

  storage {
    blob_store_name                = "default"
    strict_content_type_validation = true
    write_policy                   = "ALLOW"
  }
}

resource "nexus_repository_npm_group" "group" {
  name   = "npm-group"
  online = true

  group {
    member_names = [
      nexus_repository_npm_hosted.internal.name,
    ]
  }

  storage {
    blob_store_name                = "default"
    strict_content_type_validation = true
  }
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **group** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configuration for repository group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--group))
- **name** (String) A unique identifier for this repository
- **storage** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The storage configuration of the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--storage))

### Optional

- **online** (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) Used to identify resource at nexus

<a id="nestedblock--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group`

Required:

- **member_names** (Set of String) Member repositories names


<a id="nestedblock--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Required:

- **blob_store_name** (String) Blob store used to store repository contents

Optional:

- **strict_content_type_validation** (Boolean) Whether to validate uploaded content's MIME type appropriate for the repository format
## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# import using the name of repository
terraform import nexus_repository_npm_group.group npm-group
```

Commit message:

feat(repository): Add writable members to npm group repository
resolve #239

docs/resources/repository_npm_group.md, after:

---
page_title: "Resource nexus_repository_npm_group"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  Use this resource to create a group npm repository.
---
# Resource nexus_repository_npm_group
Use this resource to create a group npm repository.
## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "nexus_repository_npm_hosted" "internal" {
  name   = "internal"
  online = true

  storage {
    blob_store_name                = "default"
    strict_content_type_validation = true
    write_policy                   = "ALLOW"
  }
}

resource "nexus_repository_npm_group" "group" {
  name   = "npm-group"
  online = true

  group {
    member_names = [
      nexus_repository_npm_hosted.internal.name,
    ]
  }

  storage {
    blob_store_name                = "default"
    strict_content_type_validation = true
  }
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Configuration for repository group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--group))
- `name` (String) A unique identifier for this repository
- `storage` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The storage configuration of the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--storage))

### Optional

- `online` (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Used to identify resource at nexus

<a id="nestedblock--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group`

Required:

- `member_names` (Set of String) Member repositories names

Optional:

- `writable_member` (String) Pro-only: This field is for the Group Deployment feature available in NXRM Pro.


<a id="nestedblock--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Required:

- `blob_store_name` (String) Blob store used to store repository contents

Optional:

- `strict_content_type_validation` (Boolean) Whether to validate uploaded content's MIME type appropriate for the repository format
## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# import using the name of repository
terraform import nexus_repository_npm_group.group npm-group
```
