docs/resources/repository_yum_hosted.md, before:

---
page_title: "Resource nexus_repository_yum_hosted"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  Use this resource to create a hosted yum repository.
---
# Resource nexus_repository_yum_hosted
Use this resource to create a hosted yum repository.
## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "nexus_repository_yum_hosted" "yum" {
  name = "yummy"
}

resource "nexus_repository_yum_hosted" "yum1" {
  deploy_policy  = "STRICT"
  name = "yummy1"
  online = true
  repodata_depth = 4

  cleanup {
    policy_names = ["policy"]
  }

  storage {
    blob_store_name                = "default"
    strict_content_type_validation = true
    write_policy                   = "ALLOW"
  }
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) A unique identifier for this repository
- **storage** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The storage configuration of the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--storage))

### Optional

- **cleanup** (Block List) Cleanup policies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cleanup))
- **deploy_policy** (String) Validate that all paths are RPMs or yum metadata. Possible values: `STRICT` or `PERMISSIVE`
- **online** (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests
- **repodata_depth** (Number) Specifies the repository depth where repodata folder(s) are created. Possible values: 0-5

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) Used to identify resource at nexus

<a id="nestedblock--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Optional:

- **blob_store_name** (String) Blob store used to store repository contents
- **strict_content_type_validation** (Boolean) Whether to validate uploaded content's MIME type appropriate for the repository format
- **write_policy** (String) Controls if deployments of and updates to assets are allowed


<a id="nestedblock--cleanup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cleanup`

Optional:

- **policy_names** (Set of String) List of policy names
## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# import using the name of repository
terraform import nexus_repository_yum_hosted.yum yummy
```

Commit message:

feat(repository): Add component block to nexus_repository_yum_hosted Move common repsoitory schemas into own package

docs/resources/repository_yum_hosted.md, after:

---
page_title: "Resource nexus_repository_yum_hosted"
subcategory: "Repository"
description: |-
  Use this resource to create a hosted yum repository.
---
# Resource nexus_repository_yum_hosted
Use this resource to create a hosted yum repository.
## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "nexus_repository_yum_hosted" "yum" {
  name = "yummy"
}

resource "nexus_repository_yum_hosted" "yum1" {
  deploy_policy  = "STRICT"
  name = "yummy1"
  online = true
  repodata_depth = 4

  cleanup {
    policy_names = ["policy"]
  }

  storage {
    blob_store_name                = "default"
    strict_content_type_validation = true
    write_policy                   = "ALLOW"
  }
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) A unique identifier for this repository
- **storage** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The storage configuration of the repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--storage))

### Optional

- **cleanup** (Block List) Cleanup policies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cleanup))
- **component** (Block List, Max: 1) Component configuration for the hosted repository (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--component))
- **deploy_policy** (String) Validate that all paths are RPMs or yum metadata. Possible values: `STRICT` or `PERMISSIVE`
- **online** (Boolean) Whether this repository accepts incoming requests
- **repodata_depth** (Number) Specifies the repository depth where repodata folder(s) are created. Possible values: 0-5

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) Used to identify resource at nexus

<a id="nestedblock--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Optional:

- **blob_store_name** (String) Blob store used to store repository contents
- **strict_content_type_validation** (Boolean) Whether to validate uploaded content's MIME type appropriate for the repository format
- **write_policy** (String) Controls if deployments of and updates to assets are allowed


<a id="nestedblock--cleanup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cleanup`

Optional:

- **policy_names** (Set of String) List of policy names


<a id="nestedblock--component"></a>
### Nested Schema for `component`

Required:

- **proprietary_components** (Boolean) Components in this repository count as proprietary for namespace conflict attacks (requires Sonatype Nexus Firewall)
## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# import using the name of repository
terraform import nexus_repository_yum_hosted.yum yummy
```
