docs/resources/role.md, before:

---
layout: "nexus"
page_title: "Nexus: nexus_role"
subcategory: "Other"
sidebar_current: "docs-nexus-resource-role"
description: |-
  Use this resource to create a Nexus Role.
---

# nexus_role

Use this resource to create a Nexus Role.

## Example Usage

Example Usage - Create a group with roles

```hcl
resource "nexus_role" "nx-admin" {
  roleid      = "nx-admin"
  name        = "nx-admin"
  description = "Administrator role"
  privileges  = ["nx-all"]
  roles       = []
}
```

Example Usage - Create a group with privileges

```hcl
resource "nexus_role" "docker_deploy" {
  description = "Docker deployment role"
  name        = "docker-deploy"
  privileges = [
    "nx-repository-view-docker-*-*",
  ]
  roleid = "docker-deploy"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the role.
* `roleid` - (Required, ForceNew) The id of the role.
* `description` - (Optional) The description of this role.
* `privileges` - (Optional) The privileges of this role.
* `roles` - (Optional) The roles of this role.

Commit message:

Change docs generarion to hashicorps tool tfplugindocs see: https://www.terraform.io/registry/providers/docs

docs/resources/role.md, after:

---
page_title: "Resource nexus_role"
subcategory: "Other"
description: |-
  Use this resource to create a Nexus Role.
---
# Resource nexus_role
Use this resource to create a Nexus Role.
## Example Usage
```terraform
# Example Usage - Create a group with roles
resource "nexus_role" "nx_admin" {
  roleid      = "nx-admin"
  name        = "nx-admin"
  description = "Administrator role"
  privileges  = ["nx-all"]
  roles       = []
}

# Example Usage - Create a group with privileges
resource "nexus_role" "docker_deploy" {
  description = "Docker deployment role"
  name        = "docker-deploy"
  privileges = [
    "nx-repository-view-docker-*-*",
  ]
  roleid = "docker-deploy"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) The name of the role.
- **roleid** (String) The id of the role.

### Optional

- **description** (String) The description of this role.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **privileges** (Set of String) The privileges of this role.
- **roles** (Set of String) The roles of this role.
## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# import using the name of the role
terraform import nexus_role.nx_admin nx-admin
```
