---
page_title: "Resource nexus_security_ldap"
subcategory: "Security"
description: |-
  Use this resource to create a Nexus Security LDAP configuration.
---
# Resource nexus_security_ldap
Use this resource to create a Nexus Security LDAP configuration.
## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "nexus_security_ldap" "example" {
  auth_password                  = "t0ps3cr3t"
  auth_realm                     = "EXAMPLE"
  auth_schema                    = ""
  auth_username                  = "admin"
  connection_retry_delay_seconds = 1
  connection_timeout_seconds     = 1
  group_base_dn                  = "ou=Group"
  group_id_attribute             = "cn"
  group_member_attribute         = "memberUid"
  group_member_format            = "uid=${username},ou=people,dc=example,dc=com"
  group_object_class             = "example"
  group_subtree                  = true
  host                           = "ldap.example.com"
  ldap_groups_as_roles           = true
  max_incident_count             = 1
  name                           = "example-ldap"
  port                           = 389
  protocol                       = "LDAP"
  search_base                    = "dc=example,dc=com"
  user_base_dn                   = "ou=people"
  user_email_address_attribute   = "mail"
  user_id_attribute              = "uid"
  user_ldap_filter               = "(|(mail=*@example.com)(uid=dom*))"
  user_member_of_attribute       = "memberOf"
  user_object_class              = "posixGroup"
  user_password_attribute        = "exmaple"
  user_real_name_attribute       = "cn"
  user_subtree                   = true
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **auth_schema** (String) Authentication scheme used for connecting to LDAP server
- **auth_username** (String) This must be a fully qualified username if simple authentication is used. Required if authScheme other than none.
- **connection_retry_delay_seconds** (Number) How long to wait before retrying
- **connection_timeout_seconds** (Number) How long to wait before timeout
- **group_type** (String) Defines a type of groups used: static (a group contains a list of users) or dynamic (a user contains a list of groups). Required if ldapGroupsAsRoles is true.
- **host** (String) LDAP server connection hostname
- **max_incident_count** (Number) How many retry attempts
- **name** (String) LDAP server name
- **port** (Number) LDAP server connection port to use
- **protocol** (String) LDAP server connection Protocol to use
- **search_base** (String) LDAP location to be added to the connection URL

### Optional

- **auth_password** (String, Sensitive) The password to bind with. Required if authScheme other than none.
- **auth_realm** (String) The SASL realm to bind to. Required if authScheme is CRAM_MD5 or DIGEST_MD5
- **group_base_dn** (String) The relative DN where group objects are found (e.g. ou=Group). This value will have the Search base DN value appended to form the full Group search base DN.
- **group_id_attribute** (String) This field specifies the attribute of the Object class that defines the Group ID. Required if groupType is static
- **group_member_attribute** (String) LDAP attribute containing the usernames for the group. Required if groupType is static
- **group_member_format** (String) The format of user ID stored in the group member attribute. Required if groupType is static
- **group_object_class** (String) LDAP class for group objects. Required if groupType is static
- **group_subtree** (Boolean) Are groups located in structures below the group base DN
- **ldap_groups_as_roles** (Boolean) Denotes whether LDAP assigned roles are used as Nexus Repository Manager roles
- **use_trust_store** (Boolean) Whether to use certificates stored in Nexus Repository Manager's truststore
- **user_base_dn** (String) The relative DN where user objects are found (e.g. ou=people). This value will have the Search base DN value appended to form the full User search base DN.
- **user_email_address_attribute** (String) This is used to find an email address given the user ID
- **user_id_attribute** (String) This is used to find a user given its user ID
- **user_ldap_filter** (String) LDAP search filter to limit user search
- **user_member_of_attribute** (String) Set this to the attribute used to store the attribute which holds groups DN in the user object. Required if groupType is dynamic
- **user_object_class** (String) LDAP class for user objects
- **user_password_attribute** (String) If this field is blank the user will be authenticated against a bind with the LDAP server
- **user_real_name_attribute** (String) This is used to find a real name given the user ID
- **user_subtree** (Boolean) Are users located in structures below the user base DN?

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) Used to identify resource at nexus
## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# import using the name of ldap configuration
terraform import nexus_security_ldap.example example-ldap
```
